Xiaoya, you agree to marry me?
Well, I agree.
Xiaoya, we are finally getting married.
When will the wedding be held?
Whenever you want
The sooner the better.
Leave everything to me
OK
Li Xiaoya
What are you doing here?
Your front foot agreed to be with me
The back foot promised to marry someone else
What do you take me for?
I'm not alone.
I want to give my daughter a better life
In your eyes
You only have your daughter in your heart
Never took me to heart
Come and go when you call me
In your heart, it's not even a dog
What about you?
What kind of good person are you?
Don't deceive me anymore
How much did Jiangshanshan give you?
Let you play with my feelings
Shanshan
Don't look for him yet
Everything is up to me
Yeah, OK.
Xiaoya
I admit it.
I first approached you for another purpose
But this time together
I found that I really fell in love with you
I can't leave you at all
I need money.
I want to heal the little slave
I want to give him a better life
What do you love me with?
What can you give me?
I'm fed up with being picked on by others
Xiaoya
Can you give me another chance?
There you go.
There is no possibility between us
Li Xiaoya
I'm so fucking blind to see you